# About 

This file hosts some draft ideas for my resolutions for 2024. The resolutions will come into effect once their draft status has been removed, which is to happen by 15 January 2024.

In 2024, I will strive to do the following (🟢/🟡/🔴 stand for good/ intermediate/ bad progress, relative to the completion of the year):

1. [Sustainability](#sustainability): explore ways to compare the different kinds of impact of my activities (e.g. environmental impact vs. open knowledge impact) and use that to inform decisions about what to take on/ continue/ change / stop;
2. [Communities](#communities): increase my engagement with communities aligned with my activities, especially around open science, Wikimedia, climate impact and biodiversity loss;
3. [Practice](#practice): engage in some X days of Y activities to learn and/ or to address open issues, and experiment with changing relevant routines;
4. [Workflows](#workflows): open up some additional parts of my workflows, e.g. for ticketing, scheduling, learning or social media;
5. [Documentation](#documentation): Provide monthly updates here on progress with respect to the above.

# Documentation

## Sustainability

## Communities

## Practice

## Workflows


# Other ideas considered on the way

## Procedural

* Perhaps have some goals set in stone and others to be picked from a list, as for 2023.

## Content

* Find a useful way to engage with the "Permanent-Emergency Climate Science Code of Practice" proposed [here](https://medium.com/@JacksonDamian/faster-than-expected-9675203cf8ac) (copy [here](https://dgrnewsservice.org/civilization/ecocide/climate-change/are-climate-scientists-in-denial-about-climate-change/)).
* Try to map to my long-term goals and pledges.
  * Try to link this to "victories for humanity"
* Formally publish my pledges.
* Formally publish my scientific will.
* Come up with a mechanism to compare the different kinds of impact of my activities (e.g. environmental impact vs. open knowledge impact)
* Make (and document) some efforts towards exploring alternatives to GitHub, especially [Codeberg](https://codeberg.org/).
* Increase community engagement around some of the things I care about, especially
  * Wikimedia science
  * RIO
  * sustainability


# See also 

* [Overview of my yearly resolutions](https://github.com/Daniel-Mietchen/ideas/tree/master/new-year-resolutions), with a good number of ideas around topics important to me
* My long-term [pledges](https://github.com/Daniel-Mietchen/pledges)
* 2024 resolutions by others
** [Jan Ainali](https://github.com/Ainali/ideas/blob/main/new-year-resolutions/2024.md) 
